these shoes are completely
indestructible apparently wow they
actually look surprisingly like normal
shoes first up the fire test so I bought
these fake realistic feet to see how
much damage these shoes can actually
protect you from and then we're going to
use one in a normal pair of shoes to see
the difference oh my God that is
absolutely wild and it's not just burnt
it is actually on fire all right now
let's try on the indestructible shoe I
can see some darkening on the shoelaces
they've lost their outside coating the
shoe is definitely charred but it's not
catching fire okay I think we need to
very quickly move over to our water
test and obviously this shoe is not
waterproof either what about this one
we'll see at the end if the foot on this
one is still dry this is the puncture
test oh let's try the same thing here
the sole is incredibly bouncy it goes in
a little bit but it will not go any
further than this which is probably
thanks to the layer of military grade
Kevlar sitting just above the sole so
foot number one to think that could be a
real foot now foot number two is dry not
burned at all and puncture free